R5: Add clarification/motivation (#31)
xsdk-project/xsdk-community-policies: package_policies/R5.md

**R5.** It is recommended that each package provide a **mechanism to export its ordered list of library
dependencies** so that any other package or executable linking to the package knows to include these
dependencies when linking.

> The motivation for this policy was that sometimes the order of linking static libraries matters to prevent
> unresolved symbol errors.
> 
> The user should have easily accessible information to facilitate linking to the library. This
> information could be provided by a *pkg-config* file, for example.

Reviewer: In sync with: https://github.com/xsdk-project/xsdk-community-policies/blob/master/package_policies/M7.md - good to use 'RATIONALE:' - or 'MOTIVATION:'?

```suggestion
RATIONALE: When using static libraries,  some compilers require the libraries in the link command to be listed in the correct dependency order - to avoid unresolved symbol errors.

One way this information can  be provided  to the users is via *pkg-config* file.
```
